COMPANY was founded in DATE with the vision to apply creative thinking and state-of-the-art technology to traditionally low-tech industries, bolstered by a corporate culture renowned for putting customer service first. Based in SITY, the COMPANY family of companies has become a global leader in the manufacture of equipment for asphalt road building, aggregate processing, oil, gas and water well drilling and wood processing, among others.
Started in DATE, COMPANY is a power management company with 2014 sales of $22.6 billion. COMPANY provides energy-efficient solutions that help our customers effectively manage electrical, hydraulic and mechanical power more efficiently, safely and sustainably. COMPANY has approximately 102,000 employees and sells products to customers in more than 175 countries.Because of the pivotal role we play, COMPANY is committed to creating and maintaining powerful customer relationships built on a foundation of excellence. From the products we manufacture to our dedicated customer service and support, we know what’s important to you.
COMPANY is the world's largest aerospace company and the leading manufacturer of commercial jetliners and military aircraft combined. Additionally, COMPANY designs and manufactures rotorcraft, electronic and defense systems, missiles, satellites, launch vehicles and advanced information and communication systems. As a major service provider to NASA, COMPANY is the prime contractor for the International Space Station. The company also provides numerous military and commercial airline support services. COMPANY provides products and support services to customers in 150 countries and is one of the largest U.S. exporters in terms of sales.
COMPANY is a brand within COMPANY Communication, an international multicultural company which designs, develops, and markets globally a growing range of mobile and Internet devices. COMPANY Communication is a public company listed on the SITY Stock Exchange and part of COMPANY Corporation one of the largest consumer electronics companies in the world.
COMPANY stands for “generating business impact.” We design, transform, and run intelligent business operations including those that are complex and specific to a set of chosen industries. The result is advanced operating models that foster growth and manage cost, risk, and compliance across a range of functions such as finance and procurement, financial services account servicing, claims management, regulatory affairs, and industrial asset optimization. Our hundreds of long-term clients include more than one-fourth of the Fortune Global 500 – and of those, over 10 are in the top 25.
Since DATE years, COMPANY has strived to create value through its diversified, market-driven portfolio of specialty chemical, advanced materials, agrosciences and plastics businesses. Leveraging cost advantage, scale and geographic presence – together with close customer collaboration and industry-leading R&D expertise – COMPANY is delivering differentiated solutions that address unmet market needs. At the intersection of chemistry, biology and physics, COMPANY’s team of scientists and experts are addressing the world’s most pressing challenges – enhancing the quality of life for current and future generations, all while creating long-term sustainable value for the Company, its customers and its shareholders.
Founded in DATE, COMPANY is a $13 billion, global company. With annual sales exceeding $13 billion in fiscal year 2014, COMPANY is the world's leading diversified manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision-engineered solutions for a wide variety of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets. The company employs approximately 57,500 people in 50 countries around the world. COMPANY’s engineering expertise and broad range of core technologies uniquely positions the company to solve some of the world’s greatest engineering challenges. By partnering with customers, COMPANY improves their productivity and profitability and seeks new ways to solve humanity's biggest challenges.
While the COMPANY brand came into existence only in DATE, the company has a much longer history. Today, COMPANY is a US$34 billion personal technology company and the world's largest PC vendor. We have more than 33,000 employees in more than 60 countries serving customers in more than 160 countries. A global Fortune 500 company, we have headquarters in SITY, China and Morrisville, North Carolina, U.S.; major research centers in SITY; and we have manufacturing around the world from Greensboro, North Carolina and Monterrey, Mexico to India, China and Brazil.
COMPANY is an international fashion brand that has represented style and quality since DATE. COMPANY works on a basis of creativity and responsibility fused with a sunny Californian attitude. Effortless style, authenticity and easy-going living are at the heart of the brand philosophy. These positive values shine through at every level, from the laid-back tailoring and hand-crafted details to the made-to-last quality, use of natural materials and responsible production. International designers bring the brand’s charisma and energy to life with inspiring collections for women, men and kids. 
Founded in DATE right out of high school by then-sweethearts, now-spouses, COMPANY has been lovingly built on a passion for remarkable fashion. Today, we’re a top e-retailer of indie clothing, accessories, and decor, and provide an engaging shopping experience where you, our customer, can have a voice! In just a few years, we’ve grown from humble college dorm room to “America’s Fastest-Growing Retailer”.
COMPANY became the world's leading gold company by pursuing its founding purpose: the generation of wealth for its owners, employees, and the communities with which it partners. Those who founded and first led the company were committed to a culture of partnership and the values underpinning such a culture: trust, transparency, shared responsibility and accountability, and a sense of emotional and financial ownership.
COMPANY is one of the world’s leading building materials companies and has a presence on all continents. With its solutions based on innovative products and services and a commitment to sustainable construction, COMPANY is contributing to the success of its customers around the world – as a trusted partner for more than 100 years.
COMPANY is there when you need us, and our attention to your needs begins in manufacturing. From polyethylene resin pellets to portable restrooms, COMPANY’s comprehensive, innovative manufacturing processes allow us to control quality from raw material to finished product at our facilities in the United States, Canada and Brazil.
Since we set up shop in SITY, our customers have been the driving force behind our progress. And we’re not just simply talking about facts and figures, but literally pushing our limits and stretching us into new divisions. We are currently comprised of 4 distinct divisions, fine jewelry, total recognition programs, branded merchandise products.
COMPANY produces high quality goods for the commercial leisure and sports recreation markets that meet or exceed all minimum acceptance requirements at the lowest possible cost consistent with on-time deliveries in the safest, most profitable manner possible.
COMPANY specializes in the production of steel machinery and components utilizing the latest in CNC machinery and powder coating technology. We can produce subcomponents of a product, manufacture the entire machine, or provide any of the manufacturing services in between. We currently specialize in agricultural and industrial products but we are able to manufacture items for any industry.
At COMPANY, our behind-the-scenes operations are as top notch as our fudge and customer service. COMPANY’s state-of-the-art manufacturing processes, as well as rigorous food quality and safety standards, ensure that the ingredients for every pound of fudge you sell are made with the same high production standards.
For over 50 years, COMPANY has been the gold standard for the most delicious fudge anywhere. As a family owned and operated company, we have a deep tradition of fostering a tightly knit organization that promotes values-based business practices and integrity. Fudge is our only business and we have spent many years perfecting our Fudge Retailing Program. If you are not yet a customer, please consider taking a look at our profit calculator. You will quickly see how fudge is one of the highest profit margin items per square foot of retail space. 
At COMPANY’s manufacturing plants, experts in design, functionality and quality all work hard to ensure your COMPANY table top products live up to their reputation for fine design, practical application and premium quality.
COMPANY has over 20 years of experience helping you with cutting technology and equipment needs. Marken specializes in standard and custom cutting machines for hose, wire, cable and tubing industries. With a full line of accessories ranging from payouts and coilers to production pushers and crimpers, Marken meets all your hose and cable assembly requirements.
COMPANY is the recognized leading manufacturer for the aircraft, aerospace, and high reliability electronics industries, with experience that spans six decades. Our products have been used on virtually every defense system, aircraft program, land or sea going transport system, space exploration program, and in many other types of manufacturing and support activities.
For over 35 Years COMPANY has been designing and manufacturing innovative R/C accessories. Used by modelers around the world, COMPANY products lead the field with dependable large and small landing gear, Hinge Point Hinging System, Ball Link Control Horns, Tires, Struts, and other accessories and tools. We design our products to assist you in building and flying the finest R/C Model.
COMPANY, is the complete storage system provider for engineering and manufacturing professionals in thousands of different industries and applications throughout the world. The company is the global leader in the manufacture and construction of factory coated metal storage tanks, aluminum domes and specialty covers.
COMPANY transforms simple ideas into powerful results to create compelling shareholder value. Our engineered products and technology solutions enjoy leadership positions across a diverse set of global, niche markets. Outstanding execution by our businesses coupled with our asset-light business model enable us to generate compelling cash flow, which we invest to create new value. They're simple ideas, yet they all come together to generate powerful results.
COMPANY is your ideal source of heat exchangers and replacement parts for Refrigeration and Hydronic applications.
COMPANY is the world's leading provider of exclusively blue products. COMPANY specialises in blue houses, blue windows, blue corvettes and it can be said that everything is blue for COMPANY inside and out.
COMPANY specializes in speed and position sensors for extreme applications. Serving the industrial, military, aerospace and off-highway markets, COMPANY provides an extensive range of products from standard off-the-shelf to completely customized solutions for any challenging application. Backed by decades of experience, BEI designs sensors that offer uncompromising quality, performance, and reliability. The comprehensive product line includes optical and magnetic encoders, Hall effect sensors, potentiometers (wirewound, conductive plastic and hybrid), electronic interface modules, wireless modules, and a variety of product accessories.
COMPANY designs, manufactures, and launches the world's most advanced rockets and spacecraft. The company was founded in DATE to revolutionize space transportation, with the ultimate goal of enabling people to live on other planets. Today, COMPANY is advancing the boundaries of space technology through its Falcon launch vehicles and Dragon spacecraft. COMPANY is a private company owned by management and employees, with minority investments from Founders Fund, Draper Fisher Jurvetson, and Valor Equity Partners. The company has more than 3,000 employees in SITY. For more information, visit COMPANY.com.
COMPANY is among the world's most experienced prototype manufacturers and providers of product development services, including product design and engineering, rapid prototyping, rapid tooling and new direct digital rapid manufacturing technology that produces custom parts direct from digital input.
COMPANY, is SITY’s leading manufacturer of interior lining systems. Our mission is to develop innovative products and services that help customers build better spaces to live, work and play. In every kind of building – from home to work, from the local supermarket to the local hospital – we help to create partitions, provide comfort, protect against fire and insulate against sound.