COMPANY is a global management consulting firm that serves leading businesses, governments, non governmental organizations, and not-for-profits. We help our clients make lasting improvements to their performance and realize their most important goals. Over nearly a century, we’ve built a firm uniquely equipped to this task.
COMPANY is SITY's leading communications group. We provide a diverse range of services including fixed, mobile, data, internet, TV and infocomms technology (ICT) as well as digital solutions.
COMPANY Software Inc. is a global leader in infrastructure and business intelligence software. Whether it's optimizing inventory, cross-selling products, or averting crisis before it happens, COMPANY uniquely delivers the Two-Second Advantage® – the ability to capture the right information at the right time and act on it preemptively for a competitive advantage. With a broad mix of innovative products and services, COMPANY is the strategic technology partner trusted by businesses around the world.
Founded in DATE, COMPANY is one of the world’s leading medical technology companies and together with our customers, we are driven to make healthcare better. The Company offers a diverse array of innovative medical technologies, including reconstructive, medical and surgical, and neurotechnology and spine products to help people lead more active and more satisfying lives. COMPANY products and services are available in over 100 countries around the world.
COMPANY is a leading interactive entertainment company for the mobile world, with people all around the world playing one or more of our games.
COMPANY stands for “generating business impact.” We design, transform, and run intelligent business operations including those that are complex and specific to a set of chosen industries. The result is advanced operating models that foster growth and manage cost, risk, and compliance across a range of functions such as finance and procurement, financial services account servicing, claims management, regulatory affairs, and industrial asset optimization. Our hundreds of long-term clients include more than one-fourth of the Fortune Global 500 – and of those, over 10 are in the top 25.
Since DATE, COMPANY has been changing the way people play. In the process, we have built one of the largest portfolios of recognized brands and today we are one of the most valuable interactive entertainment companies in the world. Founded in DATE as the first independent video game software developer and distributor, the company launched a series of multi-million unit selling titles in the early 1980s for the Atri 14600 including Pitfall, Kaboom! and River Raid. And since then, COMPANY has created some of the most iconic and memorable game experiences of all time.
Founded in DATE, COMPANY is the global leader in evaluating and improving student learning. The company’s cloud-based service for originality checking, online grading and peer review saves instructors time and provides rich feedback to students. One of the most widely distributed educational applications in the world, COMPANY and Ephorus is used by more than 15,000 institutions in 140 countries to manage the submission, tracking and evaluation of student papers online. COMPANY also offers iThenticate, a plagiarism detection service for commercial markets, a suite of formative tools for writers.
At COMPANY, impossible is where breakthrough begins. As a socially-responsible, global leader in design, manufacturing, distribution and aftermarket services, COMPANY is unique in its ability to provide end-to-end solutions through its innovative and proprietary systems — all to enhance customer competitiveness and success. Working across four business groups and several business units, COMPANY is able to unleash the full potential of the world’s most valuable brands and new ventures. 
With operations in approximately 50 countries and distribution in more than 180 countries, COMPANY's brands bring smiles to faces around the globe. The company is headquartered in SITY, employs approximately 17,000 associates globally, and operates as a subsidiary of Mars, Incorporated. Based in SITY, Mars has net sales of more than $30 billion, six business segments including Petcare, Chocolate, Food, Drinks, and more than 70,000 Associates worldwide that are putting our Mars Principles into action to make a difference for people and the planet through our performance.
Founded in DATE right out of high school by then-sweethearts, now-spouses, COMPANY has been lovingly built on a passion for remarkable fashion. Today, we’re a top e-retailer of indie clothing, accessories, and decor, and provide an engaging shopping experience where you, our customer, can have a voice! In just a few years, we’ve grown from humble college dorm room to “America’s Fastest-Growing Retailer”.
The 142-year history of COMPANY is one of reliable, technically excellent, tenacious people – people helping businesses and governments protect their assets and apply information technology to achieve new levels of competitiveness and success.
COMPANY is a global engineering Group with more than 47,000 employees with a strong commitment to enhancing customer productivity, profitability and safety. Our operations are based on unique expertise in materials technology, extensive knowledge about industrial processes and close customer cooperation. This combination, coupled with continuous investments in research and development (R&D), has enabled us achieve world-leading positions in the following areas:
COMPANY is the creator of one of the world's fastest and most effective lines of internationally certified Internet Security software. The company is an industry pioneer, introducing and developing award-winning protection since DATE. Today, COMPANY technology secures the digital experience of 500 million COMPANY and corporate users across the globe.
Company was founded to pursue a disruptive new vision: make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone.
COMPANY became the world's leading gold company by pursuing its founding purpose: the generation of wealth for its owners, employees, and the communities with which it partners. Those who founded and first led the company were committed to a culture of partnership and the values underpinning such a culture: trust, transparency, shared responsibility and accountability, and a sense of emotional and financial ownership.
Since COMPANY began in DATE, we’ve been on a mission to help web developers, designers, digital entrepreneurs, and innovators bring their ideas to life online. In 16 years, we’ve seen a lot of technology trends come and go. But one thing has never changed: our commitment to our customers’ success. It’s what drives us to offer the best web hosting service and support available anytime, anywhere.
COMPANY was born in DATE from the changing needs of businesses. With the industry’s movement to subscription-based models, the need for a sophisticated recurring payment management platform has exploded. On the surface, subscription billing sounds easy: charge a credit card a certain amount every month. But companies of all sizes have discovered that managing recurring billing is significantly more challenging than processing one-time payments. By automating the complexities of subscription billing management, COMPANY helps businesses eliminate the pain of scaling recurring billing operations with an easy, self-serve, pay-as-you-go platform.
COMPANY provides the opportunity to combine work and play in a whole new way. Our independent representatives can earn income and can be awarded bonus travel experiences. Most importantly, the company has lived up to its promise to be a good corporate citizen by pioneering the field of VolunTourism: vacations with a social purpose and funding philanthropic efforts through the COMPANY Foundation.
COMPANY was born from innovation. In DATE we launched our first product, COMPANY Wiring Duct, a new invention that uniquely organized control panel wiring and allowed new wires to be added quickly and neatly. Since that time COMPANY has introduced thousands of problem solving new products and remained committed to providing innovative electrical and network infrastructure solutions.
COMPANY, one of the world’s leading business news organisations, is recognised internationally for its authority, integrity and accuracy. Providing essential news, comment, data and analysis for the global business community, the FT has a combined paid print and digital circulation of 690,000 (Deloitte assured, Q3 2014). Mobile is an increasingly important channel for the COMPANY, driving 60% of subscriber consumption, almost half of total traffic and 20% of new digital subscriptions. COMPANY education products now serve two thirds of the world’s top 50 business schools.
COMPANY's mission is to enable global companies to become Mobile First organizations, embracing mobility as their primary IT platform in order to transform their businesses and increase their competitiveness. Mobile technology is driving a massive shift in the ability of IT to support the way people want to work. Mobile First organizations focus on building superb mobile user experiences that are available anywhere users need them. They have to move fast and adopt new technologies rapidly.
COMPANY is one of the most respected global engineering, project management, and construction companies, and a cornerstone of innovation in the industry. Together with our customers, we deliver landmark projects—the modern marvels of the world—that foster sustainable progress and grow economies. Only COMPANY has the resources and reach to guarantee certainty of outcome. Since DATE, we've completed more than 25,000 extraordinary projects—many first-of-a-kind—in 160 countries on all seven continents serving the energy delivery, defense, environmental cleanup, mining & metals, oil, gas & chemicals, infrastructure and transportation,and telecommunications industries. We are a family company grounded in hard work, integrity and trust, values integral to all we do.
Founded in DATE and based in SITY, COMPANY is a trusted community marketplace for people to list, discover, and book unique accommodation around the world — online or from a mobile phone. Whether an apartment for a night, a castle for a week, or a villa for a month, COMPANY connects people to unique travel experiences, at any price point, in more than 34,000 cities and 190 countries. And with world-class customer service and a growing community of users, COMPANY is the easiest way for people to monetise their extra space and showcase it to an audience of millions.
COMPANY is a global cloud advisory and technology services company, with over 1,000 people serving Fortune 500 clients and thousands of other businesses around the world. Our experts provide unrivaled cloud strategy, implementation and integration capabilities, having successfully worked with clients across all industries. Since our founding, we have transformed from a regional boutique into a global partner, and serve some of the world’s largest businesses across many industries.
COMPANY is a leading provider of smart process applications that simplify the business critical First Mile™ of information intensive customer interactions. We combine market leading capture, process management, analytics and mobile capabilities that enable organizations to increase their responsiveness to customers, provide better service, gain a competitive advantage and better grow their businesses while reducing operating costs.
COMPANY, is a leader in 3D design, engineering and entertainment software. Customers across the manufacturing, architecture, building, construction, and media and entertainment industries—including the last 19 Academy Award winners for Best Visual Effects—use Autodesk software to design, visualize, and simulate their ideas before they're ever built or created. From blockbuster visual effects and buildings that create their own energy to electric cars and the batteries that power them, the work of our 3D software customers is everywhere you look.
COMPANY is a global leader focused on improving the health and safety of people and the environment. Our dedicated team of 7,700 employees worldwide are passionate about providing customers with an unmatched experience as they help solve critical issues in human and environmental health. Our innovative detection, imaging, informatics and service capabilities, combined with deep market knowledge and expertise, help customers gain greater insights into their science to better protect our environment, our food supply and the health of our families.
COMPANY helps organizations communicate more effectively by working to create, manage, produce, distribute and process content on behalf of our customers. The company assists customers in developing and executing multichannel communication strategies that engage audiences, reduce costs, drive revenues and increase compliance. COMPANY's innovative technologies enhance digital and print communications to deliver integrated messages across multiple media to highly targeted audiences at optimal times for clients in virtually every private and public sector. Strategically located operations provide local service and responsiveness while leveraging the economic, geographic and technological advantages of a global organization.
COMPANY creates software that fuels transformation for companies and enables them to seize the opportunities of the application economy. Software is at the heart of every business, in every industry. From planning to development to management and security, CA is working with companies worldwide to change the way we live, transact and communicate. CA software and solutions help our customers drive enterprise-wide productivity, offer differentiated user experiences and open new growth opportunities. And we are able to deliver this value across multiple environments—mobile, private and public cloud, distributed and mainframe. Our goal is to be recognized by our customers as their critical partner in the new application economy.