COMPANY offers serviced apartments characterized by touches of indulgence that spells of sophistication and timeless classics, with rich textures and distinctive décor that reflect the essence of the host city.  Be it Dubai, UK or any of the key gateway cities we are in, every property offers corporate housing apartments with highly desirable addresses in key business and prestigious districts where city charm reigns in the metropolis. 
At COMPANY, elite meets exquisite, class meets convenience. In one daring stroke, prominent architecture ascends onto the midtown landscape, and a powerful design becomes a spacious home. Set within the posh Buckhead neighborhood, known among young professionals for its exquisite living, dining, legendary shopping and year-round music event.
COMPANY are ready to welcome you in the heart of the Ljubljana Old Town – by the Ljubljanica river and just a short walk from the main city attractions.
COMPANY is the ultimate in city living in SITY. It has the shops, the restaurants, the tree lined streets, and the night life. When others have to get in their car after an evening of fun on Walnut Street or Ellsworth, you can just walk home to your apartment. In the morning you can simply walk to the nearest coffee shop for your breakfast.
Live steps from everything. Whether you love shopping, sports, entertainment, dining, or just city living, COMPANY puts you in the middle of it all. Make your home in a studio, 1 or 2 bedroom apartment in a friendly, tree-lined neighborhood that's just around the corner from some of downtown Boston's major landmarks such as Fenway Park, the Prudential Center, Copley Place, Symphony Hall, and the Museum of Fine Arts. There is plenty to see within walking distance, but the location also allows easy access to the Green Line, Orange Line, and many bus routes. COMPANY's professional management team has years of experience and is there to make sure your apartment feel like home. The on-site maintenance team ensures your apartment keeps up the high standards you expect, and are available 24 hours a day for any emergency repairs. Heat, hot water, and even electricity are included in the price of rent, adding even more value.
COMPANY offer brand new modern apartments that were only put into operation in DATE after the entire building had been reconstructed. Apartments are located only 3 minutes by walk from Hotel Salvator. The apartments are furbished with Italian designer furniture, modern, completely equipped kitchens and bathrooms with free toiletries and a hair-dryer. Each apartment has a seating area equipped with a flat-screen satellite TV, a DVD player and free Wi-Fi connection.
Nestled among more than 90 acres of serene waterscapes, tranquil nature and woods and manicured lawns, you discover COMPANY. Here you find a better place to live, with everything you want in an apartment home: ideal location, beautiful environment, impeccable management services and 21st century amenities. We invite you to be our guest and explore all that COMPANY has to offer.
COMPANY will provide a vibrant new district for SITY offering inspirational architecture and landscape. It will have its own unique identity inspired by its rich heritage, offering premium housing and exemplary community facilities. Set around the majestic New SITY School, formerly King Henry VIII's Tudor palace, and its estate parkland, the development is conceived as a series of individually designed neighbourhoods that connect to the wider landscape and countryside.
COMPANY, at 8 Ventris Road, is an apartment building designed with the modern urbanite in mind. Nestled in Happy Valley, COMPANY provides a peaceful, comfortable retreat without sacrificing the convenience of living in SITY.
COMPANY offers a wide range of recreational facilities. These include a 50 metre lap pool, lagoon pool, jungle pool, steam rooms, elevated jacuzzi, tennis court, half basketball court, clubhouse, sky gym, aerobic and yoga room, table tennis court, kid's play room, golf practice corner, outdoor fitness, jogging track, library, function rooms, karaoke rooms, band and piano rooms, pool table and table-soccer room, games room, covered car park, and 24-hour security. 
Since DATE, COMPANY has been providing business people and their families with carefully considered, personal service from committed staff in residences and serviced apartments of the finest quality, centrally located, in cities throughout Asia. 'Comfortable', 'convenient' and 'settled' are feelings people need in a home. We put these in place for you straightaway. We strike a balance between your privacy and the discreet presence and support of your personal staff.
COMPANY is a warm, welcoming community that provides residents with comfort and peace of mind. Conveniently located right in the heart of downtown SITY, we are close to the SITY Shopping Centre, the SITY General Hospital, and municipal transit. Our location also allows easy access to the library, YMCA, farmers’ market, Globe Theatre, and even the Casino SITY!
COMPANY aims to provide our guests with a green and luxurious living environment in SITY. Once you step through our doors, you will immediately feel the comfort of home. Our passion to provide the best possible serviced apartments has driven us to design our living environments to fuse comfort and spatial efficiency. Our designs ensure that our guests will enjoy the maximum comfort of space in this city where space is a rare luxury.
Inspiring location. Stunning architecture. Luxurious living spaces. And yet, these are only few of the many fascinations at COMPANY. Set amidst the backdrop of the upcoming SITY district, COMPANY promises a lifestyle of uncompromising quality through a generous mix of uniquely designed apartments. It's hard to ignore the unique architectural flair of COMPANY as you coast through SITY. Exemplifying the artistic mastery of early 20th century Manhattan-style motifs, COMPANY represents an experience that bears a stark contrast to the glass and steel jungles of today's urban landscape. 
COMPANY offers you an exceptional opportunity to experience retirement living – with a place you can call home. Your independent lifestyle located in SITY is accommodated by full-sized apartments and a full range of services that are available to you – as needed. COMPANY is designed to assist you in maintaining a life that is in balance: physical, mental, emotional and spiritual. Established in DATE, COMPANY is family-run and came about through a desire to create a community where seniors could live independently through providing the care and support to foster that independence; to live a healthy and balanced lifestyle in their later years and especially to honour married couples who, so often, may otherwise need to live apart from each other.
COMPANY is a full service, privately owned Property Management Company. For over 45 years COMPANY has worked to provide great properties and great service to both the residents and communities we serve in Central and Southwest Virginia. As a company, we recognize the responsibility, and the privilege, to provide a place for our residents to call home. We invite you to explore our apartment homes on-line or to visit us in person at any one of our fine communities. We welcome the opportunity to provide you a personal guided tour, provide additional information, and answer any questions you may have about our communities.
COMPANY was built in DATE. At the beginning there were 23 apartments: studios and one-bedroom apartments. The pool lay between these apartments. Later, in the early 90s, the luxurious one bedroom apartments and two bedroom apartments were constructed. The pool was moved to the more spacious tropical garden between the new apartments. COMPANY now consists of 39 apartments. The studios and the standard one-bedroom apartments are on the courtyard and the deluxe one bedroom apartments and two bedroom apartments overlook the tropical garden with swimming pool.
COMPANY was constructed in DATE by real estate developer, Chandler. Mr. Chandler saw the need for a luxury apartment community with amenities and easy access to retail shopping and dining. The original construction consisted of 320 residential units with varied one, two, and three bedroom floor plans. All floor plans were designed with easy living and modern convenience in mind. Over the years additional units were built to accommodate a growing Bowling Green. Chandler Park now boasts 380 apartment homes, including the newly constructed boutique community of Southwest. Since the construction on 2005, SITY Park has continued to set the standard for luxury apartment living in SITY.
COMPANY is located within SITY’s famous & most vibrant shopping mall, in the heart of Tsim Sha Tsui.  Established in 1999, the COMPANY features 499 units across 14 floors within two Towers, named Sutton Court and Hampton Court.  Apartment types range from Studios to 3-Bedroom Penthouse units with sizes from 712 to 2,931 sq. ft. Residents can enjoy privileged access to the exclusive Pacific Club steps away from the COMPANY.
COMPANY is redefining student living for upperclass students. The building houses strictly junior, senior, and graduate students. The Flats offers twelve-month housing contracts to residents. The variety of room types and amenities provide a multitude of comfortable living options for residents. The COMPANY is located across from Reinert Hall on Grand Boulevard next to the Starbucks and Chipotle building. Additionally, Cini, Italian fare, is a retail option for students located on the first floor of the Flats.
Designed specifically for second-year students and above in the schools of Medicine, Dentistry, Pharmacy, and Nursing and Health Studies, COMPANY at 25th and Troost is the first student housing on Hospital Hill. 
COMPANY in the Mount Eden section of SITY, began 21 years ago with the acquisition and renovation of 15 abandoned buildings, the construction of a new building, and most recently, the acquisition of a 17th building to create 1,022 affordable homes for more than 3,500 people, 30% of whom are formerly homeless.
COMPANY is a 136-unit multifamily apartment building located in the midst of rapidly redeveloping area of Northwest Washington, DC. COMPANY has provided affordable housing to very low-, low- and moderate-income families since DATE.
COMPANY is a 106-unit garden apartment complex with one-, two-, and three-bedroom units, a pool, and a community service area. The property serves very low-income families with Section 8 assistance.
COMPANY is a 135-unit high-rise apartment building consisting of 67 one-bedroom, 45 two-bedroom, and 23 three-bedroom units. Amenities include large apartments, all utilities, wall-to-wall carpeting, a camera security system, laundry room, children’s playground, a pool, parking, and two community rooms with kitchen facilities.
It's a dream you carefully nurture. And as time passes, it gets more and more vivid. Once you realize that you can't wait anymore, you decide to have it; a home of your own. But, then it's no cakewalk to find a home of your dreams. Neither you can settle down for anything less. After all, it's all about the realization of a long cherished dream, a material extension of your fine taste. At Presidency what makes us different is our ability to create living spaces that match with your tast and personality. COMPANY, the one-of-its-kind apartment complex in SITY, a tribute to your penchant for the finer things in life, will sure vouch for us.
COMPANY is an urban property located at 110 Pleasant Street, situated in the residential neighborhood in close proximity to downtown SITY. The building is historically significant restored shoe factory containing 17 residential condominium units and one office unit. This building, a quintessential part of Marlborough history, was owned by Simon, who was the largest shoe manufacturer in the City since DATE.
COMPANY is a stylish, modern development comprising of apartments with 1 or 2 bedrooms, lounge, western kitchen and private pool. Its characteristics consist of round geometric lines, which are light, fluent and evocative of the movement of the waves. The large terraces are accessed through floor to ceiling glass doors, which open up to embrace the natural surrounding light and tropical scenery.